# Blood-Donation
Web-based Blood Donation Management System is a management system website that enables individuals who want to donate blood to help the needy. It also enables hospitals to record and store the data for people who want to communicate with them, and it also provides a centralized blood bank database.The blood you donate gives chance to someone’s life. Blood is the most important substance in our body. This project is aimed to develop an online Blood Donation information. The entire project is developed keeping in the view of distributed client server, computing technology in the mind. The Blood donation agent into create a e-information about the donor and organization that are related to donating the blood. Through this application any person who are interested in donating the Blood can approach in easy way. And also organization can register itself with the site also can register. 
The general consumer who want to make request can also get the help of this site. Only the Admin can make changes in this website. The changes like deletion, addition, modification is also done. This project consists of the development of a web application to display and gather information on Blood donors who are all interested in donating. The goal of this application is to create the foundation for a web-based spatial inventory of available donors of Blood and to provide information and importance about donating the Blood. This project makes easier for every person using software in their required category.

